Available commands
-----------------

  * `list`                 : List remote and local packages
  * `stage ENVIRONMENT`    : Selects an environment based on an environment_name.env file
  * `search PACKAGE   `    : For for remote and local packages
  * `install PACKAGE...`   : Install a remote package
  * `uninstall PACKAGE...` : Uninstall a local package
  * `update PACKAGE...`    : Update an existing local package
  * `info PACKAGE...`      : Retrieve information on a local or remote package

Library layout
--------------

This is a standard open source library layout. And additional package.conf file is here to
add some meta data to the project.

* library_name
  * CMakeLists.txt
  * package.conf
  * include
     * library_name
        * header.h
  * source
     * source.cpp

Repository layout
-----------------

Libraries could be located anywhere on the repository, but grouping them in a common `libraries/`
directory is a good practice. Note that libraries are respecting a standard SVN layout, using
`branches`, `tags` and `trunk` directories.
Environments are just directories containing symlinks to specific tags of the libraries. You could
even directly point to the library itself if you want an up to date environment.
Users could create their own environments under their private repositories.

  * libraries
     * library1
        * branches
        * tags
           * branch1
           * branch2
        * trunk
           * CMakeLists.txt
           * package.conf 
           * include
              * library1
                 * header.h
           * source
              * source.cpp
     * library2
        * branches
        * tags
           * branch1
           * branch2
        * trunk
           * CMakeLists.txt
           * package.conf 
           * include
              * library2
                 * header.h
           * source
              * source.cpp
  * environments
     * stable
        * library1 -> //repo/libraries/library1/tags/branch1
        * library2 -> //repo/libraries/library2/tags/branch2
     * dev
        * library1 -> //repo/libraries/library1
        * library2 -> //repo/libraries/library2
  * users
     * username
        * custom_env
           * library1 -> //repo/libraries/library1/tags/branch2
           * library2 -> //repo/libraries/library2/tags/branch2

Local layout
------------

An environment file describes all the necessary variables that TPM needs to know
in order to select the right libraries. Variables are self-explanatory.

  * stable.env

        TPM_REPOSITORY_URL = scm://repo/environments/stable
        TPM_SOURCE_PATH    = /opt/tpm/source
        TPM_BUILD_PATH     = /opt/tpm/build
        TPM_INSTALL_PATH   = /opt/tpm/install
        TPM_TEMP_PATH      = /opt/tpm/temp

  * custom.env

        TPM_REPOSITORY_URL = scm://repo/users/username/custom_env
        TPM_SOURCE_PATH    = /opt/username/source
        TPM_BUILD_PATH     = /opt/username/build
        TPM_INSTALL_PATH   = /opt/username/install
        TPM_TEMP_PATH      = /opt/username/temp

Source directory layout
-----------------------

The `TPM_SOURCE_PATH` directory only contains a pristine checkout of the remote package.

  * `TPM_SOURCE_PATH`
     * library1
        * _contents of library1 checkout..._

Build directory layout
-----------------------

The `TPM_BUILD_PATH` directory is where is package is going to be built. TPM will generate
some logs in it, that the user could refer to if anything goes wrong during the install
process. The `install_manifest.txt` file is automatically generated by CMake during the 
`install` target, and contains all the components that were installed on the filesystem.
After a build, the `clean` target is called.

  * `TPM_BUILD_PATH`
     * library1
        * install_manifest.txt
        * checkout.log
        * configuration.log
        * build.log
        * install.log

Install directory layout
------------------------

This is just a pretty standard /usr directory layout. Note than when installing a package,
a file `FindPackage.cmake` is generated and contains everything needed to find and link the
package if necessary. Using `FindX.cmake` files is standard CMake practice and should be
encouraged.

  * `TPM_INSTALL_PATH`
     * bin
        * package1
        * package2
     * lib
        * package3.so
        * package4.a
     * share
        * package5/package5.conf
        * cmake
           * modules
              * FindPackage1.cmake
              * FindPackage2.cmake

Temporary directory layout
--------------------------

?

`package.conf` format
-------------------

    name        = "yacht"
    depends     = ["cruise", "boost"]
    description = "The yacht package"
